New module: ngsderive (#1104)
ewels/MultiQC: docs/modules/ngsderive.md

---
Name: ngsderive

> URL: https://github.com/claymcleod/ngsderive

Author: ```suggestion
URL: https://github.com/stjudecloud/ngsderive
```

Description: >
    ngsderive is a forensic analysis tool useful in backwards computing information from next-generation sequencing data.

---

> `ngsderive` is a forensic analysis tool useful in backwards computing information from next-generation sequencing data. Notably, results are provided as a 'best guess' — the tool does not claim 100% accuracy and results should be considered with that understanding. Please see the <a href='https://github.com/claymcleod/ngsderive/#ngsderive'>documentation</a> for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
`ngsderive` is a forensic analysis tool useful in backwards computing information from next-generation sequencing data. Notably, results are provided as a 'best guess' — the tool does not claim 100% accuracy and results should be considered with that understanding. Please see the <a href='stjudecloud.github.io/ngsderive'>documentation</a> for more information.
```
